Update high-availability.md (#158)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/advanced/high-availability.md

Certs for the confidential client app must be rotated for security reasons (don't use secrets in prod!). There are several ways to handle cert rotation, listing is in ordered of most preferred to least preferred.

> 1. Use Managed Identity
> 
> With [Managed Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/msal/dotnet/advanced/managed-identity), trust is established through hosting your app in Azure. There are not secrets to maintain and no certificates to rotate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use managed identity

With [managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/msal/dotnet/advanced/managed-identity), trust is established through hosting your app in Azure. There are not secrets to maintain and no certificates to rotate. 
```

2. Use Microsoft.Identity.Web's certificate handling logic

> In web app / web api scenarios, you should use Microsoft.Identity.Web, a higher-level API over MSAL. It handles certificate rotation for when the certificate is stored in KeyVault and handles Managed Identity for you as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In web apps and web APIs, use Microsoft.Identity.Web, a higher-level API over MSAL. It handles certificate rotation when the certificate is stored in Azure Key Vault and handles managed identity case as well.
```

Learn more in the [Certificates in Microsoft.Identity.Web](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Certificates#getting-certificates-from-key-vault) guide.

This is the preferred solution for non-Microsoft internal services using ASP.NET Core.

3. (**Internal only**) Rely on [Subject Name/Issuer certificates](./subject-name-and-issuer-authentication.md).

> This mechanism allows Azure AD to identify a cert based on SN/I instead of thumbprint (x5t). It is a stop-gap solution, there are no plans to make it available to third-parties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mechanism allows Azure AD to identify a certtificate based on SN/I instead of a thumbprint (x5t). It is a stop-gap solution; there are no plans to make it available to non-Microsoft applications. 
```

> This is the preferred solution for Microsoft internal services who are not able to use Managed Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the preferred solution for Microsoft internal services which are not able to use managed identity.
```
